well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
school and the economy
and how they're linked and how they're
not
members of congress are now
really kind of pushing that talking
point if we don't get kids back to
school
it's going to significantly harm the
economy
they don't seem to understand why that
talking point
isn't resonating with america
so i'm going to try to shed a little bit
of light on that
see back in april 40
of lower income americans and by the fed
that's 40 000
uh per household or less lost their jobs
their economy the working-class american
that that's their economy's already
significantly
hurt so when you make
that statement that it's going to become
significantly hurt
everybody knows the the quiet part of
that sentence
it's going to be significantly hurt to
the point where it matters
to members of congress nobody
cares nobody cares
the end statement when you boil this
down is we need to send
poor kids back to petri dishes so we can
get our good little worker bees
back where we need them so we can
continue to exploit them and make money
nobody cares that's why the talking
point isn't resonating
i've got a wild idea how about
those members of congress the ruling
class those who have the resources to
have their kids have
private tutors and do everything via
distance learning
why don't y'all get back to work why
don't you all do your jobs
why don't you actually attempt to fix
the economy the real economy
rather than just put a band-aid on it to
help your stock portfolio
you could be using this time to
try to raise wages get them to a living
point
you know like the minimum wage was
supposed to be
was supposed to be a living wage not a
bear subsistence living
we could do that that might help
encourage people because if you did that
then one person
could support the family and then you'd
have somebody to stay home
and single parent households well they
could afford child care
so everything works out we have enough
automation to do this
this isn't a big deal maybe that's where
the focus should be
rather than trying to rush poor kids
back to
a petri dish of a school because even
with the guidelines being followed
it's classified as more risk
least risk is at home like your kids
will be
maybe maybe that's what you guys should
focus on
maybe the real work that needs to be
done to help the economy
is you maybe you all should stop looking
to section 8 housing
for a scapegoat do your jobs
the poor and working class in this
country already have to send their older
kids
off to war anytime those on capitol hill
need a bump in their defense or energy
stocks
perhaps asking them to send their
younger kids
into a petri dish
maybe that's just a bridge too far maybe
that's just a little too much maybe
that's why that talking point isn't
resonating
and if you're part of the the population
where it's going to get bad
welcome to the club and i know that it's
probably scary but don't
look down don't look to the lower income
people
they don't have any power they don't
have any influence
look to capitol hill those are the
people that can fix the problem
don't kick down don't look the way they
want you to look
look at them the the source of your
problem
will never be somebody with less power
and influence
than you all of these problems originate
on capitol hill they broke the economy
so they could exploit it so they could
exploit
american workers now that that's kind of
come back to bite them rather than
fixing their mistake
they're trying to find a quick and easy
way to continue to exploit them
understand as
as this progressive progresses
as this continues and this process goes
along
you the middle class those who are
comfortable now
you will become the working poor
that's that's how this works right now
you're okay but if you continue to allow
them to exploit the american worker
you won't be you're not going to be one
of the ones
who gets rich you're not a temporarily
embarrassed millionaire
you're going to be in the same situation
as those that you're looking down on
right now
the poor are never the source of your
problem
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day